`1554, MONDAY-JAN-11-2021 | @CA`

# Choosing Python for rapid prototyping/drafting

I have been thinking for the past 2 days about choosing another language as my main working language.
C++ is great for all of its deep and well-define rules, but its development time is way too long. I
need some higher-level language so that I can start doing *more tasks* instead of spending too much
time on *one single task*.

I think Python is a good choice for the following reasons:

### 1. Popularity
Popularity means it's easy enough to get picked up by many people. This implies a shorter learning
curve and faster implementation of ideas.

### 2. Indeed simpler than C++
Its syntax is trimmed to favor high-speed prototyping. In other words, much less typing and locating
specific code blocks compared to C++. Because of the overly protective nature of C++, even the
background task of guarding code is given to both the author and reader.

The author, once got into the *flow* state, simply treats it as an automated task. However, for a
reader, it's extra work to parse through all that background task (looking through the code block
curly braces, pointers, references, etc.). It's a non-trivial energy expenditure that could have been
better spent on meditating on *the ideas behind the code*.

### 3. Personal limitations & goal
As a major-switcher, I did not have the wealth of experience that can only be gained through long
years of coding. This is the '10,000-hour' mark that effort alone cannot simply cover for. It's a 
fact deeply tied to reality itself. There are natural and biological limits to what a person can do in
a given amount of time. For example, there are special/edge cases and irregularities that can only be 
learned through encountering accidents and solving them. Rapid absorption of knowledge does not allow 
this kind of thing to happen.

Ingenuity and resourcefulness (or the disciplined and clever management of time and `attention`) will
help gap the distance. However, how much gap left is, again, dependent largely on how well those 
resources are managed.

Personally speaking, I am aware of my limitations, so I know I must work harder to cover what I don't
know. For this reason, 

#### I consider my current college attendance as a pay-to-access privilege into essential topics.

I am well aware that the overarching attitude about college is where to have fun and get a degree for 
most students, and for the professors, a way to build their credentials. Therefore, the quality of
education is particularly stellar. Everyone just do their own things to kill time and fill in the
hours.

However, that cannot apply to me because I have a goal that I must accomplish. I cannot waste time.
For this reason, I sacrifice personal entertainment to dedicate everything (that I can consciously
pool together) to learning and honing my *programming & engineering skills*.

As an outsider, I don't know enough about the landscape of the software engineering world. Therefore,
I need an access into ideas (pertaining to programming world) in order to start working on learning 
and acquiring the skills surrounding those ideas.

*Thus, to prioritize learning Python is the most appropriate choice.*
